# Webpack Learning

This project demonstrates the basics of using [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) to bundle JavaScript and CSS assets for web applications.

## Running Webpack

To run webpack with a specific configuration file, use:

```
webpack --config webpack.config.js
```

> **Note:** If a `webpack.config.js` file is present in your project root, the `webpack` command will pick it up by default. The `--config` option is used here to show that you can specify a configuration file with any name. This is especially useful for complex setups that require multiple configuration files.

## Handling CSS with Webpack

To include CSS in your webpack bundle, add the following rule to your `webpack.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.css$/,
        use: ["style-loader", "css-loader"],
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

When multiple loaders are specified in the `use` property, webpack applies them from right to left. In this example, `css-loader` processes the CSS files first, and then `style-loader` injects the styles into the DOM.

## What is a Bundle?

A **bundle** is a group of output files generated by webpack. These files contain your application's code and assets, optimized for the browser. Bundling helps improve load times and manage dependencies efficiently.

## DefinePlugin

```js
const { DefinePlugin } = require("webpack");
```
The `DefinePlugin` allows us to define environment variables at build time, making them available as global constants throughout your application

---

Feel free to explore and modify the configuration to suit your project's needs!
